README: Add Communication section with Forum information (#75)
ansible-collections/splunk.es: README.md

[Ansible](https://github.com/ansible/ansible) users to utilize, contribute to,
and provide feedback about.

## Communication

* Join the Ansible forum:
  * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others.

>   * [Posts tagged with 'splunk-es'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/splunk-es): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Posts tagged with 'security'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/security): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.
```
